oh no I'm dead oh hello there repair and
today I'll be playing some splegg with
waffle again
oh my god my sound is so low because we
were playing ready I sound a solo
because we were playing Wizards like 20
do you hear that the idea it's pretty
funny pretty comical with a little a
little pulse I got him yeah oh yeah I
fell explosions explore okay hopefully
this one doesn't
I'm still on my stuff machine gun egg
aah machine gun egg hey I got that guy I
fell all the way to the bottom level I
was on the top I was the last person on
my top level is pretty cool let's go
oh my god I know you
I couldn't sprint there for like a
minute I don't know what happened on the
first stop force watch me and Jimmy okay
you know why don't what are you chained
why are you T&G running over here
because if I keep moving now I'll hit me
there we go all the time is that it is
that your is that this would be strategy
force play huh you'll whip a strategy
it's like walking up and down the stairs
again scallops with a zebra Elizabeth
Sam he's got like a barcode scanner I am
playing court for and everybody
courtrand Windows Phone G difficult
bullet I've fallen there guy in the jail
costume has made before oh yeah yeah
this like a striped
hoodie I saw it looks stupid yep ass
yeah it's probably a million stuff yeah
and I don't even know it
give my videos like I couldn't still
hippie baby what name is that I don't
know I just heard explosions I don't
know what that is
explosion yeah explosion hey good how
much can you emphasize that egg get a
yeah splosions why is this guy not like
trying to get you guys he's on the
bottom layer he should really shoot up
like I stole his first layer over there
Lou that guy like diagonal from you yeah
I'm getting major lag spikes up oh my
god six players here we did better than
me for guy who doesn't have like spikes
yeah I try to get back up we're using
the booster things and I fell off so
like don't do that a booster no don't do
it oh my god you wanna fall off you've
know often 100 oh yeah you just like
paused in the middle there in the middle
of July here we go yeah actually maybe
yeah maybe Center ones if you trying to
like that help oh five five people left
look at this battle got a battle between
these guys and we got each we're gonna
win on the gap I wonder if I should
probably like bet on people now I'm
gonna go for this guy for a locks guy
that's between you Pro locks of a
striped guy and this this guy on the
bottom layer just not doing it it's both
yeah I saw you while you landed right up
there I'm like oh now that's spelling me
the guy the I have betted on is shooting
at you so you should oh thanks yeah
Yolo I don't find you on the other one
and I still got it right so oh this
cloud I should've ten cards off this
clouds everywhere I can't see we're
jumping these eggs damn XD why aren't
they killing each other you're right
next to each other that's because I
probably the team yeah I bet so and of
course there's definitely a way in team
you know there's a we in we you I loved
if those two eggs are fired killed him
after his thousands having killed me oh
the other guys disappeared people are
left four people
Steve guys Stoops down here fighting
this guy Oh death cloud
Steve's ditched three people left to
think it's the team against do you want
McGee add the Ripper you like shoot of
them cuz they are totally a team that
I'm gonna go down usually like shoot
them in the face cam like from
underneath are they my agent and you are
like he is heading towards you he is
above you
oh there's one like right behind you
turn around
they were teaming my gathered teams
though right yeah now what hope they
killed each other and you just killed
himself
darn teams why they're random redstone
block over here you see this random
redstone block yep I'm gonna go stay at
all can i holding one he's oh my god
we're all on the one platform oh I am
going to stay hidden there's can't
either so how we doing there on the gap
all right oh yeah by the way William
back Moore's playing with me waffle and
the whipster
you hunt the Isles I'll say me comma
waffle comma and the whipster oh I
thought you were saying that me free
sweat if I did
oh my god I'm totally gonna get some guy
pretty flag you need like to make a
whipper jo counter like a third there
where you many I mean like where you
have like a whole video series where you
just highlight whipper jokes from my
various videos yeah yeah it's just like
what for Germany I said that whoa
biggest like thought that where you are
a KY blipper jokes was just like whimper
joke number 115 be feels like your head
exploded Sheila's be headed oh my god be
careful be careful be why he killed how
am I not getting that guy oh my god I'm
so bad I am father following me why do
you fall away like spike when you
falling - laughs oh yeah luckily the way
on the black for galaxy man why are
there's no booster saying I can't with
your back up a little more yeah I'm a
big fan y'all stand in one spot the
whole day oh my god I lasted so long
oh whoops whoops I click the Redstone on
back here whoops